## Preamble
This change log primarily describes the differences between the Number Wall generation process and tile/mapping computation process of various iterations of our code. The verification stage of the program only came into existence for version 3 of the program, and is unlikely to see much change during version 4 due to limited optimisation opportunities. Version 1 and 2 are not featured in this repository, Version 3 (and Version 3 Plus) are available in the Archive folder, along with many older function variations.

## Version 1
Version 1 was the most naive version of the code. This simply generated a predetermined large portion of the number wall (for example, the number wall generated by the first 1000 digits of the given sequence) and then split it into tiles. A list of unique tiles was created, along with the a tiling which reduced each tile to its index in the list of unqiue tiles. The tiling was then used to find a substitution rule that could be used to build the number wall.

## Version 2
This version no longer requires the user to determine how large the portion of the number wall should be before they run the program. Instead, it builds the number wall in diagaonal slices and only stops when it doubles in size without finding any new tiles. As before, it creates a tiling whilst it is running and that is used to find the substitution maps.

## Version 3
For Version 3, the Number Wall generation process and tiling/mapping process have combined. We now generate 'slices' of the number wall, where a single slice is a new set of tiles running down the right-hand side of the Number Wall triangle. In other words, we generate enough new numbers/cells for each row of the Number Wall to allow the processing of a new column of tiles along the right-hand side of the Number Wall. This allows us to only store the data for a single slice at a time (along with the on-going set of unique tiles and mappings), rather than the entire Number Wall, saving vast amounts of memory.

The process involves repeatedly generating all the Number Wall entries for a slice, and then processing 'interesting' tiles down the length of the slice. We define 'interesting' tiles as tiles that relate back to a previously created tile mapping that has yet to be completed. For context, each unique tile maps to four tiles double the distance away on the Number Wall. So, a tile mapping is only considered complete once we have found all four of its child tiles.

When we process an 'interesting' tile, we relate it back to it's parent tile's mapping. We also check whether this tile is a new unique tile, or one we have previously seen. If it is a new tile, then we add the coordinates of its child tiles to our list of upcoming 'interesting' tiles; we also record it as a unique tile and begin building its tile mapping. By only processing 'interesting' tiles, we avoid processing tiles that we know cannot be unqiue, and are not required as part of an incomplete mapping - as skipped tiles belong to tile mappings that have already been completed (i.e. their parent tile is a previously seen tile). Earlier iterations of Version 3 did not include this skip, and so processed every single possible tile. It is worth noting that we are still generating every number/cell in a slice, we only skip processing non-unqiue tiles with this improvement.

The slice generation process halts once we have doubled the size of the Number Wall without finding any new 'interesting' tiles - at which point all of our tile mappings must be complete, meaning that there are no new unique tiles to find as we have generated a complete set of substitution rules for the given sequence and prime input.

Earlier versions of the program did not have the capability to build the tile mapping relationships, they were only able to build the set of unique tiles (which is not sufficient information to verify the integrity of our results).

Version 3 also includes several minor improvements to the Number Wall generation process, such as including more efficient 'cheat' calculations for edge-case tiles, and better inner/outer window frame computation.

## Version 3 Plus
TODO - write up (if this version is skipped, just describe outline of idea)

## Version 4
TODO - write up
